This package is developed as part of the Society of Petroleum (SPE) Drilling and Wells Interoperability Standards (D-WIS), a sub-committee of the Drilling System Automation Technical Section.
This package contains the Data Transfer Object (DTO) model corresponding to the DWIS.MicroState.Model used by the D-WIS microstate interpretation engine, i.e., without its business logic.

There are 5 classes:
- `MicroStates`
- `ProbabilisticMicroStates`
- `SignalGroup`
- `Thresholds`
- `Calibrations`

# Microstates
The class `MicroStates` is used to represent the deterministic version of the interpreted drilling process microstates. It has a TimeStampUTC property and 5 32 bit integers to store the encoded values of the microstates.

Each microstate is encoded on 2 bits, therefore providing 4 combinations with the combination 00 reserved to mean `undefined`. The index for each microstate is encoded in an enumeration: `MicroStateIndex`.

# ProbabilisticMicroStates
The class `ProbabilisticMicroStates` is used to store the probabilitic version of the drilling process state in terms of microstates. This class defines a `TimeStampUTC` property and 
all the different microstates in the form of either `BernoulliDrillingProperty` or `TernaryDrillingProperty` properties. A `BernoulliDrillingProperty` gives the probability to be in any
of two states. The probability to be in the other state is therefore the complementary value compared to 1. A `TernaryDrillingProperty` gives the probabilities to be in each of three 
states. The sum of the probabilities is equal to 1.

# Thresholds
The `Microstate Interpretation Engine` needs thresholds to determine the different states. These thresholds are grouped in a class called `Thresholds`. The class `Thresholds` has a 
`TimeStampUTC` property. The other properties are `ScalarDrillingProperty`, meaning that their propability distribution is of the *Dirac* type.

# SignalGroup
The `Micro-state Interpretation Engine` needs signals that are typically generated by a digital twin. These signals can be grouped into a class called 
`SignalGroup`. The class `SignalGroup` has a property `TimeStampUTC` used to define the time and date at which the `SignalGroup` has been issued. There are also all the necessary
properties used by the `Micro-state Interpretation Engine` to calculate the micro-states. These properties are of type `GaussianDrillingProperty` and `BernoulliDrillingProperty`, 
meaning that an uncertainty is defined for the passed values, whether the value is a scalar or a boolean one.

# Calibrations
The class `Calibrations` defines a dictionary of `CalibrationParameters`. A `CalibrationParameters` is a class that define the `Scaling`, `Bias` and `Delay` that 
are necessary to minimize the differences of a series of measurements compared to other series of measurements produced by other digital twins. The dictionary has 
two levels. The first level concerns the properties of the `SignalGroup` classes. Then for each `DrillingProperty` in the `SignalGroup` that has a series of
data providers, there is a dictionary of `CalibrationParameters` for each of the sources. A data source is characterized by an object of the type `DWISNodeID`.
