# DWIS Microstate Interpretation Engine

## Executive Summary
The results are a deterministic state and a probabilistic states. The drilling process state is defined in a multidimensional space of micro-states. 
The micro-state basis is orthogonal. Each micro-state is calculated using a combination of logical statements. 
The variable used in the logical statements are supposed to be generated by one or more digital twins. 
The digital twins can give an estimation of their uncertainty on the estimated values. 
This information is used when calculating the probabilistic micro-states. 
Sensor fusion is used when there are several sources for the same signal used in the logical statements. 
The search for the input signals in the logical statements is performed using sparql queries on the Drilling Data Hub (DDHub). 
The logical statements also use threshold values. These threshold values are collected from the DDHub using sparql queries. 
The deterministic microstate is published back on the DDHub together with its semantic description.
All the individual probabilistic microstates are published back on the DDHub together with their semantic description.

## Semantic Description of a Deterministic Microstate

## Example Semantic Description of a Probabilisity Microstate

## Example Semantic Query for Variables used in Microstate Logical Statements

## Example Logical Statements for microstates

## Dependences
This service depends on:
- OSDC.DotnetLibraries.Drilling.DrillingProperties
